the Lebanese head of state and his wife
were the hosts of an official dinner
offered in their honor at the Palace of
hotel congress ivory the president
Michel sleiman and his wife were
decorated in the national order by the chef
of the state the president alassane ouattara
viviane animal report this is a
official dinner of 800 people who
were offered in the evening of Thursday
at the ivory hotel convention center
by the president of the republic
alassane ouattara and his wife at their
host the Lebanese head of state the
General Michel sleiman and his wife
counted many guests in
many members of the community
Lebanese live in Ivory Coast a
strong community today by close to
hundred thousand people who make up the
largest Lebanese community of
all of Africa is the fourth after
Lebanese communities living in
brazil in canada and colombia
some Lebanese families on the coast
of ivory have their roots in this country
since before independence
so it's an integrated community in
the Ivorian social fabric and which cultivates
both its original values created
actresses of more than 3,000 companies
in several business sectors of
the national economy of companies that
employ the local workforce and who
pay taxes to the state the
Lebanese community remains of this fact
a great contributor to the boom
national official visit of the chief
of the Lebanese state the president michel
sleiman Ivory Coast the first
that she ever carried a president
Lebanese in Ivory Coast appears from
as a major political act that
comes bring a time
at alan's de facto friendship between
Lebanese and ivory so it's just
title that the Ivorian head of state has
addressed a toast to the strengthening of
bonds of friendship between the republic of
what you ivory and the republic
Lebanese the place to express to our
brothers and dirty mane live in hill
ivory
all our gratitude not
appreciable contribution and the
development one can therefore say that
the Ivory Coast after the crisis is a
vast project opportunities
business and investment to
many and diverse and why
with a view to revitalizing cooperation
Lebanese ivoiro is important to
reactivate agreement creating to
large joint commission for cooperation
Lebanese ivoiro
in 2009 we would also need
the signing of other agreements
on vital sectors of the
Cooperation between our two countries in my ale
agricultural sector ic education and the
formation and the lebanon and the coast
of ivory and friendship between the two
states was also materialized at
through two great distinctions
honors the medal of grand cross
national order awarded by the
president alassane ouattara to the chief of
the Lebanese state and the medal of
Commander of the National Order to Madame
oif
sleman the relationship restart
state to state between Lebanon and the coast
ivory
it's not a simple process
protocol the Lebanese president the
general michel sleiman in his
intervention said his real desire to
promote friendship between the two states
that's how he wanted the
reopening of the embassy aside
of ivory in Beirut lebanon will be
always alongside the ivory coast
to counter the dangers of extremism
of intolerance and terrorism at he
stressed he also wished
good offices of the President of the
alassane republic ouattara to help
to a middle-east solution on the
president we come to you ressert
welcoming of the lively ivory coast
by a deep feeling friendship by a
real desire to promote our
bilateral cooperation on bases
solid and sustainable to the extent of
material human relations and
deep and unite us for so long
long decades
we deliver and the Ivory Coast shares
the same values ​​and act in concert
to prevail the causes of the
peace justice solidarity and
well-being of peoples our two countries do not
will not fail to cooperate both on the
bilateral plan that regional and
international law to counter the dangers
extremism and intolerance and
terrorism
we rely on your sense of
justice
your wisdom and the prestige you
get internationally at
to prevail with us because of the
middle east peace
our future cooperation it will be without
no doubt materialized by the
reopening of the embassy aside
of ivory in berne
the Lebanese community in Côte d'Ivoire
is particularly well placed to
activate and accompany this dynamic
of complementarity we call our
wishes
long live ivory coast lebanon
new mark of this friendship between
the two states the head of state
Lebanese General Michel sleiman has
awarded in turn the highest
honorary distinction of the order
of Lebanon deserve thanks
extraordinary to the president of the
alassane republic ouattara and the
distinction of merit great cord to the
first lady dominique ouattara
the room praised the friendship for a long time
revived between the two countries